**C FOR METAL CPU EMULATION TOOL**

**INTEL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

**IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ AND AGREE BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE**

This agreement (the “**Agreement**”) is between you, or the company or other legal entity that you represent and warrant you have the legal authority to bind, (each, “**You**” or “**Your**”) and Intel Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, “**Intel**”) regarding Your use of the Software. By downloading, installing, copying or otherwise using the Software, You agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, or do not have legal authority or required age to agree to them, do not download, install, copy or otherwise use the Software.

1\. DEFINITIONS.

“**Derivative Works**” means derivative works of the Software as defined in 17 U.S.C. § 101 et seq.

“**Reciprocal Open Source Software**” means any software that is subject to a license which requires that (a) it must be distributed in source code form; (b) it must be licensed under the same open source license terms; and (c) its Derivative Works must be licensed under the same open source license terms. Examples of this type of license are the GNU General Public License or the Mozilla Public License.

“**Software**” means the C for Metal CPU Emulation tool in binary form, printed or electronic documentation, and any other collateral including any updates and upgrades that are made available to You by Intel under this Agreement. The Software does not include Third Party Software.

“**Third Party Software**” mean the third party software (if any) listed in the “third-party-programs.txt” or other similarly-named text file that may be included in the Software.

2\. LIMITED LICENSE. Subject to compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants You a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, worldwide, no fee license during the term of this Agreement, without the right to sublicense, under Intel’s copyrights, for Your (a) reasonable internal reproduction and internal use, and (b) redistribution of the Software to end users provided that: (i) the Software is provided under an end user license agreement that protects the Software no less than the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (ii) display Your valid copyright notice on Your program distribution that includes the Software, and (iii) You indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Intel and its licensors from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the Your redistribution or use of the Software.

3\. OWNERSHIP/LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. All right, title and interest in and to the Software are and will remain the exclusive property of Intel and its licensors. Unless expressly permitted under the Agreement, You will not, and will not allow any third party to (i) use, copy, distribute, sell or offer to sell the Software or associated documentation; (ii) modify, adapt, enhance, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, change or create Derivative Works from the Software except and only to the extent as specifically required by mandatory applicable laws; (iii) use or make the Software available for the use or benefit of third parties; (iv) publish or provide any Software benchmark or comparison test results; (v) modify, create a Derivative Work, link, or distribute the Software so that any part of it becomes subject to the license requirements of Reciprocal Open Source Software; (vi) alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Software; (vii) use Intel’s or its licensors’ trademarks in Your distribution names or in a way that suggests Your distributions comes from or is endorsed by Intel or its licensors; (viii) distribute the Windows version of the Software to run on a platform other than the Windows platform; (ix) include the Software in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; (x) distribute the Software in source code form; or (xi) grant the right to modify the Software. You acknowledge that an essential basis of the bargain in this Agreement is that Intel grants You no licenses or other rights including, but not limited to, patent, copyright, and trade secret, or other intellectual property licenses or rights to the Software, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, except for the licenses expressly granted above. You acknowledge there are significant uses of the Software in its original, unmodified and uncombined form. You may not remove any copyright notices from the Software.

4\. THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. Third Party Software, even if included with the distribution of the Software, may be governed by separate license terms, including without limitation, open source software notices and terms, third party license terms, other Intel software license terms. Such separate license terms (and not this Agreement) govern Your use of the Third Party Programs.

5\. LICENSE TO FEEDBACK. This Agreement does not obligate You to provide Intel with materials, information, comments, suggestions, or other communication regarding the features, functions, performance or use of the Software (“**Feedback**”). To the extent You provide Intel with Feedback in a tangible form, You grant to Intel and its affiliates a non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up and transferable license, to and under all of Your intellectual property rights, whether perfected or not, to publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, distribute, import, create Derivative Works of and otherwise exploit any comments, suggestions, descriptions, ideas or other feedback regarding the Software provided by You or on Your behalf.

6\. NO OBLIGATION; NO AGENCY. Intel may make changes to the Software, or items referenced therein, at any time without notice. Intel is not obligated to support, update, provide training for, or develop any further versions of the Software or to grant any license thereto. No agency, franchise, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.

7\. NO WARRANTY. DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Intel does not assume, and does not authorize any person to assume on its behalf, any other liability.

Intel may make changes to the Software, or to items referenced therein, at any time without notice, but is not obligated to support, update or provide training for the Software under the terms of this Agreement.

8\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL INTEL OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOST DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF INTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY IN PART NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE SOFTWARE LICENSED HEREUNDER IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE IN ANY MEDICAL, LIFE SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING SYSTEMS, TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, NUCLEAR SYSTEMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER MISSION CRITICAL APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. THE LIMITED REMEDIES, WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED LIABILITY ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN INTEL AND YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE INTEL WOULD BE UNABLE TO PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.

9\. TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL. This Agreement will terminate if You violate any of its terms or conditions. Upon termination of this Agreement, all licenses granted to You hereunder terminate immediately. Upon termination, You will immediately stop use of the Software, permanently remove the Software from your systems, destroy the Software, and keep no copies. The following sections will survive termination of this Agreement: Section 1, 3 (only with respect to the first sentence), 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 14, 15, and 16.

10\. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or relating to it will be governed by the laws of the U.S.A. and Delaware, without regard to conflict of laws principles. The parties exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980). The state and federal courts sitting in Delaware, U.S.A. will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The parties consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in those courts. A party that obtains a judgment against the other party in the courts identified in this section may enforce that judgment in any court that has jurisdiction over the parties.

11\. EXPORT. You acknowledge that the Software and all related technical information are subject to export controls and You agree to comply with all laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable governments governing export, re-export, import, transfer, distribution, and use of the Software. In particular, but without limitation, the Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to any person or entity listed on a denial order published by the U.S. government or any other applicable governments. By using the Software, You represent and warrant that You are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that You will not use the Software for, or sell or transfer them to a third party who is known or suspected to be involved in, any purposes prohibited by the U.S. government or other applicable governments, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons.

12\. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The technical data and computer software covered by this license is a “Commercial Item,” as such term is defined by the FAR 2.101 (48 C.F.R. 2.101) and is “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation” as specified under FAR 12.212 (48 C.F.R. 12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 227.7202), as applicable. This commercial computer software and related documentation is provided to end users for use by and on behalf of the U.S. Government, with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

13\. ASSIGNMENT. You may not delegate, assign or transfer this Agreement, the license(s) granted or any of Your rights or duties hereunder, expressly, by implication, by operation of law, or otherwise and any attempt to do so, without Intel’s express prior written consent, will be null and void. Intel may assign, delegate and transfer this Agreement, and its rights and obligations hereunder, in its sole discretion.

14\. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the complete and exclusive agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous proposals, agreements, understanding, negotiations, representations, warranties, conditions, and communications, oral or written, between the parties relating to the same subject matter. You acknowledge and agree that in entering into this Agreement You have not relied on, and will not be entitled to rely on, any oral or written representations, warranties, conditions, understanding, or communications that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The express provisions of this Agreement control over any course of performance, course of dealing, or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement will prevail notwithstanding any different, conflicting, or additional provisions that may appear on any purchase order, acknowledgement, invoice, or other writing issued by either party in connection with this Agreement. No modification or amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by authorized representatives of each party, and must specifically identify this Agreement by its title and version; , except that Intel may make changes to the Agreement as it distributes new versions of the Software. If You received a copy of this Agreement translated into another language, the English language version of this Agreement will prevail in the event of any conflict between versions.

15\. SEVERABILITY AND WAIVER. The parties intend that if a court holds that any provision or part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the court will modify the provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, or if it cannot be made valid and enforceable, the parties intend that the court will sever and delete the provision or part from this Agreement. Any change to or deletion of a provision or part of this Agreement under this Section will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement, which will continue in full force and effect. The failure of a party to require performance by the other party of any provision hereof will not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor will waiver by a party of a breach of any provision hereof constitute a waiver of the provision itself.

16\. PRIVACY. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ARE SET FORTH IN INTEL’S PRIVACY NOTICE, WHICH FORMS A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY NOTICE AT HTTP://WWW.INTEL.COM/PRIVACY TO LEARN HOW INTEL COLLECTS, USES AND SHARES INFORMATION ABOUT YOU.
